Create recipes package and move recipes to a that packages (#48)
polkadot-cloud/polkadot-cloud: packages/cloud-recipes/README.npm.md

<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/polkadot-cloud/polkadot-cloud">
    <img alt="polkadot-cloud" title="polkadot-cloud" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/polkadot-cloud/polkadot-cloud/main/app/public/img/cloud.png" width="80" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <b>Polkadot Cloud</b> is a library and platform <br />
  for <b>developing</b> and <b>publishing</b> assets for <b>Polkadot dapps</b>.
</p>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://polkadot.cloud/overview">📖 Documentation</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/polkadot-cloud/polkadot-cloud"">GitHub</a>
</div>

<hr>

# Polkadot Cloud: Recipes

> **Functional case-specific combination of components for Polkadot dapps.**

Reviewer: Make this line the same as the README subtitle

- Fully functional UI implementations of headless components.

> - Useful UI combnation of components (recipes) for Polkadot dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Useful combinations of UI components and static assets for Polkadot dapps.
```
